This is a tower defense game inspired by Plants vs. Zombies.

SETUP
Interactions that occur in this game were tested and calibrated by running the VM emulator at the highest speed.
The current game creates an 8x4 grid with room on the bottom and right side. These areas are used to provide the user with information on how to play the game, their score, how much money they have, and other vital information about their "towers," such as what they do and how much they cost.
The game will start automatically when the player starts the program, and they are given enough money for just 1 Mari, which serves as a money generator. Enemies will not spawn in immediately, giving players some time to place down Mari's for some prep time. 4 can be comfortably placed before the first enemy spawns.
The game will end when the player reaches a certain score (currently 31 as my highest score yet was 30) or when an enemy successfully makes it across the entire grid. To restart the game, the entire program would have to be reset.

CONTROLS & TOWER BEHAVIOR
The cursor can be moved around by using WASD or the arrow keys, and upon pressing a number 1-4 on the keyboard, the user will be able to switch between the type of tower they want to place. To finish this interaction, the user must then press the space bar in order to place the tower. Additionally, the user can remove a tower by pressing the "e" key.
Pressing "1" will select the Teto object. Teto is able to shoot at enemies, dealing small amounts of damage.
Pressing "2" will select the Mari object, which is what users will use to generate money over the course of the game. The game is coded so that players can only place one Mari object at the beginning, which should prevent them from softlocking themselves unless they accidentally delete the intial Mari placed.
Pressing "3" will select the Dr. P object which functions similarily to Pearto. Dr. P takes longer to shoot, but deals more damage.
Pressing "4" will select the Inkling object. It kills enemies instantly, as well as itself. It has something of a high price to avoid spamming.

ENEMIES
There are 4 different enemies. Enemies appear once a certain score has been achieved, with spawn intervals decreasing as well as the score increases in an effort to make things harder.
The basic enemy simply moves forward. It is used as a baseline to determine the abilities of other enemies.
The Wall is something of a muscle bro, but skips leg day. This enemy has 4 times the health of a basic enemy, but moves significantly slower. It's main purpose is to serve as a tank so other enemies may advance.
The Blob is the reverse of The Wall. This enemy rushes towards the front, but has about half the health of a basic enemy, essentially making it a glass cannon.
The Thinker is the final enemy to appear, who thinks so much their thoughts can't be kept straight, thus affecting their movement. Their main gimmick is to be able to move diagonally almost every movement oppurtunity.

CLASSES
The Main class simply wraps everything as almost all major operations occur in the TDGame class. PlayIcons class is used primarily for visuals, displaying the "slots" and necessary information for each possible tower. As such, it is only used in the TDGame class so that it can draw the required information once since nothing is really drawn over it, and therefore not overwritten. The Bullet class handles the creation, disposal, and movement of bullets that can be shot. Both the Enemies and PlayerObjects class handle the creation of towers and enemies. Within these classes, methods to handle movement or possible attacks are created and used in other classes. Different variations of these objects are handled using an ID that is associated with a certain name/object type. This is the main method in which the code determines what to do when a certain type of the object is instantiated.Additionally, since the Enemies class handles the movement of enemies, it also checks to see if the enemy's x position is lower than 0, meaning it has reached the end of the grid. When that happens, the game ends. The Cursor class makes heavy use the PlayerObjects, Enemies, and Bullet classes. This class handles inputs from the player, with most being tied to the position of the cursor (whether to erase an tower, place a tower, move the cursor). The selection of which tower to place is not directly tied to the cursor, but it is related as the cursor uses the currently selected tower to know what to place, taking its own x and y coordinates relative to the grid and passing it onto any PlayerObjects instance created. This class handles arrays of towers and manipulates them, where the arrays for towers have a length of 32 since a 8x4 grid produces 32 different cells. The Cursor class also contains methods to handle whether an enemy has collided into a tower and whether a bullet has collided into an enemy, with these methods being used for the TDGame class. The TDGame class also performs array manipulations. It primarily uses methods from the Cursor class, but also from PlayerObjects and Enemies classes when looking at a certain instance of an enemy within an array. This class looks at what the score is and uses that information to increase the difficulty, as well as introduce new enemies. This class also draws sprites.

CLASSES - TRICKY
Keeping track of which bullets were where and when to create them were a bit tricky to create considering they were a moving object going against another moving object. As such, this has seemingly created a bug where bullets will pass through enemies, likely because their movement oppurtunities aligned with each other, causing a moment where their values technically did not collide. Another part that was tricky was keeping track of the grids for enemies and towers as they are not the same. the grid for enemies is 3 times longer than that of towers, allowing for 24 cells along the X-axis. This was done to make movement more gradual, but this may be one reason why bullets and enemies don't seem to collide on occassion.

LIMITATIONS
This game is rather limited in how you can play. 32 random numbers 0-3 were generated to determine what row enemies would spawn in. However, this would have to be set, making enemies spawn in the same location everytime the program is ran. To help prevent this, the last key the user pressed would bias how much the program should advance in the array of random integers. Additionally, the game does end rather quickly, either through losing or winning. The required score needed to win is put in place for two reasons. The lesser reason is that it is one more than the highest score I have gotten so far, although i do believe it possible to get a score higher than 30. The primary reason is that after a certain point, the program would end on its own due to issues with heap management, that being not having enough memory. This would typically occur when I had reached a score of over 50, but it did happen once at slightly above 40. As such, the score required to win was put in place to prevent this error from happening, making the game go by quickly one way or another. There are also not many different types of enemies or towers, which may make games similar, appearing repetitive if played enough.

FUTURE WORK
Adding more different types of enemies and towers with more unique abilities would help to make this game more exciting as players would be able to try out different strategies. While I must admit that the towers are rather basic, I do think that the enemies are creative and different enough from each other to make the experience more interesting. Finding a way to make it so that the game could go on longer would also be a good direction to take this in as an endless type of game where difficulty increases over time would make for a better experience. Further calibration of how much time is required for enemies to move, bullet damage, and how much time is needed for towers to perform their function would also be done in any future iteration. As of right now, the game is biased to what I find enjoyable, which is having the game be difficult. The start is easy, but the "endgame" drastically increases the spawnrate of enemies and how many can be on the board at once, leading to a hectic final stretch, which I find enjoyable.